Border Warrior, I've heard a little bit
Three straight defeats
Reduced from 200,000 to 120,000
Weapons and food are serious
Inseparable strategy
Simply clear
Well, there are two reasons for that.
First, the frontline enchantment please be famous
It is a taboo for military experts
Not only will it hurt things
It will destroy the method of hanging soldiers on their backs
What about the second?
The second meaning I see
The reason why the northern warriors were defeated
It's not a shortage of troops
It's not a shortage of food.
But the lack of a reasonable hero weapon
That's a long time
IQ talk
Who wouldn't?
dissatisfied
Then how do you think you should inform His Majesty now?
The Ministry of War scribes and the crowd ask to see you
Your Majesty's northern front line is in a hurry for food and grass
Severe shortage of armour
If not replenished in time
Can you hear me?
You have a way to deal with it
Isn't the third prince unparalleled in literary and martial arts?
He must have a way